_portfolio/2-climate.md, before:

---
title: "Visualization of US Climate Data"
excerpt: "An interactive, mixed dataset visualization of US climate data<br/><img src='/images/climate.png'>"
collection: portfolio
---

This was a group project with [James Bonifield](https://www.linkedin.com/in/bonifield/), [Chris Comfort](https://www.linkedin.com/in/chrismc8045bb5/), and [Diego Carvallo](https://www.linkedin.com/in/diego-carvallo/) for [CSE6242](https://poloclub.github.io/#cse6242). The data visualization linked below shows a combination of three climate-related datasets:

* Temperature
* CO2 emissions
* Power generation mix

Our objective was to provide users with relevant and easy-to-digest data for their locality (in the US). It was a significant challenge to digest such diverse datasets and display them in a user-friendly way.

The visualization is built with [Plotly](https://plot.ly/) and [Dash](https://plot.ly/dash/) - Python toolkits for building interactive visualizations. Please visit the following link to view and interact.

[https://cse6242-sp19-g52-dashapp.herokuapp.com/](https://cse6242-sp19-g52-dashapp.herokuapp.com/)

Commit message:

Add caveat about load time

_portfolio/2-climate.md, after:

---
title: "Visualization of US Climate Data"
excerpt: "An interactive, mixed dataset visualization of US climate data<br/><img src='/images/climate.png'>"
collection: portfolio
---

This was a group project with [James Bonifield](https://www.linkedin.com/in/bonifield/), [Chris Comfort](https://www.linkedin.com/in/chrismc8045bb5/), and [Diego Carvallo](https://www.linkedin.com/in/diego-carvallo/) for [CSE6242](https://poloclub.github.io/#cse6242). The data visualization linked below shows a combination of three climate-related datasets:

* Temperature
* CO2 emissions
* Power generation mix

Our objective was to provide users with relevant and easy-to-digest data for their locality (in the US). It was a significant challenge to digest such diverse datasets and display them in a user-friendly way.

The visualization is built with [Plotly](https://plot.ly/) and [Dash](https://plot.ly/dash/) - Python toolkits for building interactive visualizations. Please visit the following link to view and interact. (Fair warning: page load time is... suboptimal... but it's pretty snappy once you're there)

[https://cse6242-sp19-g52-dashapp.herokuapp.com/](https://cse6242-sp19-g52-dashapp.herokuapp.com/)
